Write a C program to implement
1. Write a program to create a 1-D Array and display the elements of the array.
2. Write a Program to insert an element at the beginning/end/ anywhere in a 1-D array.
3. Write a Program Delete an element from beginning/end/ anywhere in a 1-D array.
4. Write a program to create a 2-D Array and display the elements of the array.
5. Write a program to display the non-zero elements of the sparse array.
6. Write a program using functions for implementation of circular Queue.
7. Write a program that uses functions and without function to perform the following operations on singly
linked List (i) Creation (ii) Displays the element.
8. Write a program that uses functions to perform the following operations on singly linked List for Insertion
of elements at the beginning/end/ anywhere.
9. Write a program that uses functions to perform the following operations on singly linked List for deletion
of elements from the beginning/end/ anywhere.
10. Create a doubly linked list and display the elements.
11. Write a Program to Insert an element at the beginning/end/ anywhere in a doubly linked list.
12. Write a Program Delete an element from beginning/end/ anywhere in a doubly linked list.
13. Create a circular linked list and display the elements.
14. Write a Program to insert an element at the beginning/end/ anywhere in a circular linked list.
15. Write a Program Delete an element from beginning/end/ anywhere in a circular linked list.
16. Write a program to invert a singly linked list.
17. Write a program that implements stack (its operations) using (i)Arrays (ii)Linked list.
18. Write a program that implements Queue (its operations) using (i)Arrays (ii)Linked list.
19. Write a program that to perform the following searching operations for a Key value in a given list of
integers: a) Linear search b) Binary search
20. Write a program that implements the following sorting 1. Bubble sort 2. Selection sort .
21. Write a program that implements the Quick sort.
22. Write a program that implements the following 1. Insertion sort 2. Quick Sort
23. Write a program that implements the following Heap sort.
24. Write a program that implements the following Merge sort .
25. Write a program that implements the following Radix sort.
26. Write a program to perform the following operations: a) Insert an element into a binary search tree. b)
Delete an element from a binary search tree. c) Search for a key element in a binary search tree.
27. Write a program using functions for binary tree traversals Pre-order, In-order and Post-order using both
Recursive and Non-recursive approach.
28. Write a Program in C for implementation of Insertion and Deletion in BST Using Linked List.
29. Write a program to perform the following operations: a) Insert an element into an AVL tree. b) Delete an
element from an AVL tree. c) Search for a key element in an AVL tree.
30. Write a program to perform the following operations: a) Insert an element into an AVL tree. b) Delete an
element from an AVL tree. c) Search for a key element in an AVL tree
31. Write a program in C to implement depth first search.
32. Write a program in C to implement Breadth first search